---
authors: bigandy
title: 👋 What's Coming to CSS in 2022
description: What is coming to Browsers in 2022, and what does it do?
slug: new-css-2022
tags: [css]
---

**It seems to be a tradition** that every blog I start I start with a well wishing _hello world_ post. So here I am, saying it again, _hello world_. This time I have the might of the entire Ventureneering team behind me and we have a lot to share, both to one another and the rest of the wider community. So welcome, I'm really glad you came along ❤️.

#### Questions?

<!--truncate-->

##### How will this be different to ventureharbour.com?

So we are eager to get more mass appeal content from the engineers on the main site, and really this can act as the catalyst and breeding ground for that content. Not that content has to be editorially more or less significant. It's just tonally and demographically the main blog is very different, so this is a place without borders - albeit I hope we would all embody the Venture Harbour spirit! We can also experiment with interactive content a lot easier on this site, with [Docusaurus allowing MDX content](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/react) you can embed experiments directly into the page!

##### How do I get stuff on here?

The [repository exists publicly](https://github.com/ventureharbour/ventureneering) so internal or external collaborators can submit PRs and we would be delighted to review them. [Check out the Docusaurus docs](https://docusaurus.io/docs/blog#adding-posts) if you are having issues, we can always help get things looking just right if you struggle, so just open issues on our repo if you can't get something working.

##### What can I write about?

Anything you think is interesting. It's a great place to share _links_ to interesting articles, _libraries_ or _tech_ that you find whilst journeying through your life as a developer. You can also _teach_ us something, or give us a _TIL_ (today I learned) - short posts are totally totally fine, it doesn't need to be epic, but it can also be epic!!
